DOCS-6252 create connected app with UI (#116)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-acm.adoc

=== Create a Connected App [[create-a-connected-app]]

> You can perform this step either with the user interface or with an API call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can perform this step by using either the user interface or an API call.
```

Your account must have the Org Admin permission.

> ==== Create a Connected App with the User Interface [[create-a-connected-app-with-the-user-interface]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Create a Connected App by Using the User Interface [[create-a-connected-app-with-the-user-interface]]
```

> To create a connected app with the user interface, in Anypoint Platform, navigate to *Access Management* > *Applications* > *Create New Application*, and provide this information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a connected app by using the user interface, in Anypoint Platform, navigate to *Access Management* > *Applications* > *Create New Application*, and provide this information:
```

> . Enter the *Application Name*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter a value for *Application Name*.
```

. Set *Redirect URIs* to the URL from the Authentication Provider configuration.
+
Find this URL in *Salesforce Setup* > *Auth. Providers* > *Anypoint* > *Callback URL*.
+
. Set *User Grant Types*.
+
Select *Authorization Code*, *Refresh Token*, *Full Access*, and *Background Access*.
+
. Click *Create Application*.

> ==== Create a Connected App with an API Call [[create-a-connected-app-with-an-api-call]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Create a Connected App by Using an API Call [[create-a-connected-app-with-an-api-call]]
```

> To create a connected app with an API call, follow this example using `cURL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a connected app by using an API call, follow this example using `cURL`operation:
```

Reviewer: Followed by steps?

Author: Fixed. Thank you!
